e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnect.dll.config
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnect.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnect.pdb
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Owin.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\WebGrease.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\obj\Debug\TutorConnect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\obj\Debug\TutorConnect.dll
e:\users\leela\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\obj\Debug\TutorConnect.pdb
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\SimpleInjector.Extensions.ExecutionContextScoping.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.WebApi.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnectBusiness.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnectData.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnectDataContracts.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnectBusiness.pdb
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnectDataContracts.pdb
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnectData.pdb
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\SimpleInjector.Extensions.ExecutionContextScoping.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.WebApi.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnectBusinessContracts.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\TutorConnectBusinessContracts.pdb
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\WebActivator.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Breeze.WebApi2.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Spatial.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Breeze.WebApi2.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Spatial.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\Users\Leela\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TutorConnect\TutorConnect\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
